my name is Lily Coulson and I'm 18 years
old
these are my three best friends mmm
Beck's and Sarah and this is the story
of how my town Salem
lost its mind well let's start at the
beginning
dude the principal got hacked
I'll give him like five days before he
commits suicide I'm sorry I just don't
have any sympathy for people that get
hacked for real there's two types of
people in this world people that have
come to terms with privacy is just dead
then there's the old people that are
still trying to fight it what do you
have to hide anyway little a million
nudes super gross porn history like
super pervy tax about almost everyone at
this school me2 me3 I think it was some
like socially conscious vigilante hacker
guy I live for this type of scandal to
be honest looks like half a Salem just
got hacked there's nothing anybody can
do to get these videos down 117 thousand
people's texts and emails get leaked
people get the really weird
who sees a naked photo of a girl and
their first thought is yo I gotta kill
this bro way more people than you think
[Applause]
this is your world you built this
don't take your heat out on me I just
got here
may kill me but she can't kill us all
[Music]
you